# Guest Confidentiality Agreement

salesforce.com, inc.

THIS GUEST CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT (this “**Agreement**”) is made and entered
into as of Effective Date below.

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <strong>"SFDC"</strong>
    </td>

    <td>
      salesforce.com, inc., a Delaware corporation and any other present or
      future entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such
      salesforce.com, inc. (including without limitation Heroku)
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      having its principal place of business at
    </td>

    <td>
      Landmark at One Market Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, California, 94105
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <strong>"Guest"</strong>
    </td>

    <td>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, SFDC may disclose to Guest Confidential
Information (as defined below).

## Definition of Confidential Information.

**“Confidential Information”** means all proprietary or confidential information
of SFDC, disclosed by SFDC to Guest or learned by Guest at the Event, including
but not limited to, business plans, sales plans, marketing plans, products,
services, product or service development plans, business forecasts, procurement
requirements, customer information, pricing and any other proprietary or
confidential technical, financial or commercial information, whether in written,
oral or other tangible or intangible form.

**Non-Use and Nondisclosure Obligations.** Guest shall not, in any way, use or
disclose any Confidential Information of SFDC without SFDC’s prior written
consent. Guest shall not disclose or otherwise make available any Confidential
Information of SFDC to anyone. Guest shall safeguard all Confidential
Information of SFDC with at least the same degree of care (but no less than
reasonable care) as Guest uses to safeguard Guest’s own Confidential
Information. Guest’s obligations under this Section with respect to any
Confidential Information shall remain in effect for five (5) years from the date
Guest first received such Confidential Information hereunder.

**Ownership of Confidential Information and Other Materials.** SFDC shall be
the sole and exclusive owner of all of its Confidential Information and no
license or other rights to the Confidential Information are granted or implied
hereby. All tangible materials furnished to Guest by SFDC shall remain the
property of SFDC and shall be returned to SFDC promptly upon its reasonable
request, together with any copies thereof.

**Guest Information.** SFDC assumes no obligation, either express or implied,
with respect to any information disclosed by Guest.
